astac and Sonia described as outgoing
warm and always helping others as she
did in her job as a healthcare assistant
working right up until she fell ill with
koban 19 just 55 she died at the same
hospital where she treated patients just
the week before my mom go to work night
shift come home sleep for about three
for four hours do everything a
superwoman her mother would do you know
and all she ever talked about was her
children said you know she wanted to do
the best she could just er came to the
UK from Nigeria at first she worked as a
cleaner then dedicated 20 years to the
NHS now one of a disproportionately high
number of people from black Asian and
minority ethnic backgrounds killed by
covert 19 but for this grieving family
new NHS plans to move at risk B AME
staff away from the frontline come too
late it does seem you know like if
minorities seem to be more recent yeah
it's something we need to look at you
know urgently you know we want
transparency we deserve that at least
in a merciless twist ester sister Mary
who worked alongside her at the hospital
also fell ill she's still in intensive
care and doesn't yet know that her
sister's gone it's another hurdle that
me and my family are going to have to
overcome to let her know that her sister
her fast and it's not something that I
want to do you know I don't like to see
alone because I'm trying to be strong
but your heart knows that you're hurt
there's nothing we can do one of all too
many who are now left feeling like this
Rebecca berry ITV News